profile/README.md, before:

<img src="https://res.cloudinary.com/crunchbase-production/image/upload/c_lpad,h_170,w_170,f_auto,b_white,q_auto:eco,dpr_1/xynkdxbpm0vkft0f1e4e" width="100px"/>

# Welcome to Nylas Code Samples!

Find code snippets for authentication, scheduling, connectivity and more.

> _We're still working on our samples right now. If you're interested in building for Nylas, [come join us](https://jobs.lever.co/nylas/?department=Engineering)._

<br />

## Table of contents

- [Auth samples](https://github.com/nylas-samples#auth-samples)
- [Email samples](https://github.com/nylas-samples#email-samples)
- [Calendar and Events samples](https://github.com/nylas-samples#calendar-and-events-samples)
- [Scheduler samples](https://github.com/nylas-samples#scheduler-samples)
- [Components samples](https://github.com/nylas-samples#components-samples)
- [Neural samples](https://github.com/nylas-samples#neural-samples)
- [Full demo apps](https://github.com/nylas-samples#full-demo-apps)

<br />
<br />

# Samples list

### Auth samples

- [](https://github.com/nylas-samples/)

### Email samples

**Node.js SDK**

- [node-email-send](https://github.com/nylas-samples/node-email-send): Send an email with Nylas Node.js SDK!
- [node-email-read](https://github.com/nylas-samples/node-email-read): Read your email with Nylas Node.js SDK!

### Contact samples

- [](https://github.com/nylas-samples/)

### Calendar and Events samples

- [](https://github.com/nylas-samples/)

### Scheduler samples (page configuration and API usage)

- [](https://github.com/nylas-samples/)

### Components samples

- [](https://github.com/nylas-samples/)

### Neural samples (Small batches of fake data customers can test with)

- [](https://github.com/nylas-samples/)

### Full demo apps

- [](https://github.com/nylas-samples/)

<br />
<br />

Commit message:

Added Python Send Email Repo

profile/README.md, after:

<img src="https://res.cloudinary.com/crunchbase-production/image/upload/c_lpad,h_170,w_170,f_auto,b_white,q_auto:eco,dpr_1/xynkdxbpm0vkft0f1e4e" width="100px"/>

# Welcome to Nylas Code Samples!

Find code snippets for authentication, scheduling, connectivity and more.

> _We're still working on our samples right now. If you're interested in building for Nylas, [come join us](https://jobs.lever.co/nylas/?department=Engineering)._

<br />

## Table of contents

- [Auth samples](https://github.com/nylas-samples#auth-samples)
- [Email samples](https://github.com/nylas-samples#email-samples)
- [Calendar and Events samples](https://github.com/nylas-samples#calendar-and-events-samples)
- [Scheduler samples](https://github.com/nylas-samples#scheduler-samples)
- [Components samples](https://github.com/nylas-samples#components-samples)
- [Neural samples](https://github.com/nylas-samples#neural-samples)
- [Full demo apps](https://github.com/nylas-samples#full-demo-apps)

<br />
<br />

# Samples list

### Auth samples

- [](https://github.com/nylas-samples/)

### Email samples

**Node.js SDK**

- [node-email-send](https://github.com/nylas-samples/node-email-send): Send an email with Nylas Node.js SDK!
- [node-email-read](https://github.com/nylas-samples/node-email-read): Read your email with Nylas Node.js SDK!

**Python SDK**

- [python-email-read](https://github.com/nylas-samples/python-email-send): Send an email with Nylas Python SDK!

### Contact samples

- [](https://github.com/nylas-samples/)

### Calendar and Events samples

- [](https://github.com/nylas-samples/)

### Scheduler samples (page configuration and API usage)

- [](https://github.com/nylas-samples/)

### Components samples

- [](https://github.com/nylas-samples/)

### Neural samples (Small batches of fake data customers can test with)

- [](https://github.com/nylas-samples/)

### Full demo apps

- [](https://github.com/nylas-samples/)

<br />
<br />
